I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.” — Trump on women

Covfefe

And then I see the disinfectant where it knocks it out in a minute. One minute. And is there a way we can do something like that, by injection inside or almost a cleaning? Because, you see, it gets on the lungs, and it does a tremendous number on the lungs. So it'd be interesting to check that. So that you're going to have to use medical doctors, but it sounds — it sounds interesting to me.

I got it. I got it. Why don't we nuke them? They start forming off the coast of Africa, as they're moving across the Atlantic, we drop a bomb inside the eye of the hurricane and it disrupts it. Why can't we do that?

I have a great relationship with the blacks.

I will build a great wall--and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me--and I'll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.

The beauty of me is that I'm very rich.

It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!

Our country is in serious trouble. We don't have any victories anymore. We used to have victories, but we don't have them. When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say China, in a trade deal? I beat China all the time. All the time.

You know, it really doesn't matter what the media write, as long as you've got a young and beautiful piece of ass.

I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.

"We have a 5 billion dollar website. I have so many websites. I have them all over the place... I hire people... it costs me three dollars."

All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me--consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.

My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.

Before a show, I'll go backstage and everyone's getting dressed, and everything else, and you know, no men are anywhere, and I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it...You know, they're standing there with no clothes. And you see these incredible looking women, and so, I sort of get away with things like that." — Trump on the Miss America pageant

"They had a person who was extremely proud that a number of the women had become doctors. And I wasn't interested." — Trump on the Miss America pageant

"I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created."

"Ariana Huffington is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man--he made a good decision."

"When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending the best. They're not sending you, they're sending people that have lots of problems and they're bringing those problems. They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. They're rapists and some, I assume, are good people, but I speak to border guards and they're telling us what we're getting."

"My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well documented, are various other parts of my body."

"I take advantage of the laws of the nation. Because I'm running a company."

“I did try and fuck her... I moved on her like a bitch, but I couldn’t get there. And she was married.” — Trump on a woman he tried to seduce

"I Have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke."

"I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that I'm more honest and my women are more beautiful."

"What is it at 35? It's called check-out time." — Trump on relationships with women

